New information about disk monitoring (#662)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/monitoring/metrics/essential.adoc

| Observe the rate of your data growth so you can plan for additional storage before you run out.
This applies to all disks that Neo4j is writing to.
You might also choose to write the log files to a different disk.
[NOTE]
An out of disk event may disrupt system availability and cause the database going offline, thus creating the risk of database or log file corruption. To avoid that, system monitoring tools should be configured to monitor available disk space on all drives used for databases, indexes, and transactions logs.

> See more recommendations about xref:performance/disks-ram-and-other-tips.adoc#performance-storage[system storage practices] and xref:clustering/monitoring/show-servers-monitoring.adoc[monitoring servers] and xref:clustering/monitoring/show-databases-monitoring.adoc[databases] in a clustering state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more recommendations, see xref:performance/disks-ram-and-other-tips.adoc#performance-storage[Disks, RAM and other tips], as well as xref:clustering/monitoring/show-servers-monitoring.adoc[Monitoring servers] and xref:clustering/monitoring/show-databases-monitoring.adoc[Monitoring databases] in a Neo4j cluster.
```
